Hello everyone!
This is Mr. Brain Junkie here, and today will
be talking about a science fiction film called Battleship!
Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
In the efforts to find alien life beyond Earth,
humanity has identified an earth like planet
in a nearby solar system that's capable of
sustaining life.
Observation and communication labs are set
up in Hawaii, where a giant satellite that
orbits earth every 24 hours can amplify the
station's signals and send it towards the
far away planet.
The world watches as humans begin the first
step in reaching out towards our solar system,
and the satellite fires the signal into the
unknown.
Alex Hopper is a US Navy Weapon's officer,
and his girlfriend Samantha demands that he
speaks to her father about their relationship.
It should be an easy task, except her father
Terrence, is the Admiral of the US Navy, and
the one who taught Batman Ninjutsu.
On top of that, Alex manages to be late for
their first meeting in the opening ceremony
of the Naval exercise, and leaves a less that
stellar impression with his soon to be father
in law.
It turns out that the man has a persistent
habit of being undisciplined, and the Admiral
is extremely unhappy with his performance,
threatening to terminate his position.
At the same time, Samantha is given a client
Who's name is Mick, and he used to be a Colonel
in the US military, but lost both of his legs
during combat duty.
The man is extremely depressed for not being
able to perform as a soldier anymore, but
Samantha tries to give him a different outlook.
She tells him to go hiking with her on the
island where the observatory is located, and
tries to remind him that he's no lesser than
the man he was before.
Meanwhile, a gigantic asteroid is heading
towards Earth, and eventually splits into
5 pieces after passing through Jupiter.
The department of extraterrestrial contact
notices the incoming objects, and they realize
that the asteroids are showing what appears
to be a formation, suggesting intelligence.
He alerts the observatory in Hawaii and tells
the scientists there that the objects are
heading their way.
One of the incoming spaceships crash into
a satellite and steers off into a different
path while the rest proceeds to fly towards
the pacific ocean.
Samantha notices four objects in the sky,
and they crash into the ocean nearby, creating
huge waves in the waters.
The single spaceship flys towards Hong Kong,
and crashes into the population center, where
the people panic as the buildings topples
on top of them.
After committing significant damage to the
population, the Chinese are able to sample
the object, but finds that the materials don't
exist on the periodic table.
From the way that the spaceship looks, they
think that it's a communications device that
has crash landed into Hong Kong.
On the other side, The Admiral receives the
warnings from Pearl Harbors about the foreign
entities nearby, but when he looks into the
radar, nothing appears to be present.
He orders three battleships which includes
Alex, and his brother Stone, to exit formation
and approach the supposed location.
They send a team towards the alien objects
to investigate, and the main character decides
to board the ship after failing any meaningful
contact.
He touches the outer wall of the machine,
but gets thrown back by a shock that sends
him flying into the water.
The team quickly helps their friend, but notices
that giant laser beams are shot towards the
sky, creating what appears to be a shield
around the entire area.
The Admiral sees this and tries to contact
the teams inside, but finds that their communication
devices are jammed.
A fighter jet tries to go through the force
field, but explodes as it makes contact with
the shield, effectively blocking the entire
navy outside the radius.
Giant warships begin appearing out from underwater,
as the navy stares in disbelief.
Stone Hopper in command of the Sampson decides
to give the ships a warning by sounding a
horn, but the aliens responds by creating
a massive sonic shockwave that breaks the
glass and stuns everyone.
Stone signals for John Paul Jones to fire
a warning missile at one of the aliens which
misses the ship, but this prompts the opponent
to retaliate with shots of their own.
The ship tries to destroy the incoming missiles,
but fails to disengage one of them which lands
on board and explodes, killing the captain
in the process.
Seeing their ships being attacked, Alex decides
to fire at the alien as well, but their attacks
are useless against the enemy.
Stone commands the Sampson to fire, but their
missile systems cannot lock on after the shockwave,
and their guided shots are not effective against
the alien ship.
The enemy retaliates by shooting numerous
grenades at the ship as the Sampson tries
their best to deflect them, but one manages
to get through and disable their anti-missile
systems.
The aliens continue to fire and lands multiple
hit on the battleship, which results in a
huge explosion that kills everyone on board
including Stone, as his brother watches hopelessly.
Alex demands to go back to the John Paul Jones,
but upon returning, realizes that all the
senior officers are dead, leaving him to be
the person in charge.
After just witnessing his brother die at the
hands of the aliens, he orders the ship to
engage and attack.
The Japanese Warship Myoko commanded by captain
Nagata tries to backup Alex by firing at the
enemy as well, but the aliens shoot back with
numerous grenades and disables the ship with
a huge explosion.
Despite the impossible odds, Alex commands
their ship to head towards the aliens and
plans to ram into them in order to avenge
his brother.
The crew tells their captain that it's suicide
and that they should save the people on Myoko
which is sinking rapidly.
After Walter continuously reminds Alex of
the dying sailors, the main character snaps
out of his vengeance and orders them to save
Captain Nagata and the drowning sailors.
Surprisingly, the aliens have also ceased
fire after seeing the battleship retreat to
the other direction.
However, the giant structure in the ocean
begins assembling multiple Shredding machines,
and fires them towards the harbor as another
vessel leaves the area as well.
Two of the shredders head towards the military
base, and proceeds to wreak havoc on the weapons
aboard, destroying everything in sight.
The other machine arrives at the population
center and takes down the entire highway system
by collapsing the bridges.
Alex arrives at Myoko and tries to save as
many people as possible, but is shocked by
the chaos of the situation as Nagata shouts
at him furiously for attacking rashly.
At the same time, Samantha notices the alien
vessel arriving at the island and landing
inside the observatory, planning to take over
the place.
The police notices the two and warns them
to get off the island, as they are on the
edges of the battlefield.
Instead of retreating, Mick decides to head
towards the aliens and figure out what's really
happening, despite Samantha's protest.
On the other side, the crew of the John Paul
Jones managed to capture an alien that was
drowning inside the ocean.
They proceed to take off the creature's helmet,
and is surprised to see a humanoid that closely
resembles people on earth.
Suddenly, the alien jumps up and grabs Alex,
creating a telepathic link with him that shows
the civilization's previous history of attacking
other planets.
An explosion occurs on the outer walls that
knocks everyone on to the floor, and numerous
other aliens arrive to rescue their comrade
while the people are stunned.
They quickly notice that another alien stayed
behind in order to sabotage their weapon systems,
and Alex rushes down into the ship to eliminate
the threat with his teammates.
Walter notices the alien breaking the door
and entering the room.
The creature begins scanning the weapon systems,
and the man tries to stop him, but gets thrown
away like a ragdoll.
Alex arrives and tries shooting at the alien,
but the armor renders the weapons useless,
and the team is quickly defeated by the creature
as he knocks them to the floor one by one.
he comes up with a plan and tells Cora to
run to the weapon controls, while he baits
the alien to chase him outside.
The creature continues to attack Alex, and
just when he's about to finish off the main
character, Cora maneuvers the canon behind
the alien and fires, turning him into pieces.
Meanwhile, Mick and Samantha arrives closer
to the observatory and finds that the police
team they saw earlier are destroyed.
They try to look for survivors, but notices
that the aliens are nearby and quickly runs
for cover.
The two are nearly spotted but manages to
avoid detection.
When the enemies leave, Samantha tries to
call on the radio for help, but realizes that
their signals are jammed.
A scientist from the observatory runs towards
them and tells them that the facility is taken.
Apparently, the aliens are trying to use the
human satellite system to reestablish communications
with their home planet, as their communication
vessels are destroyed.
If the aliens manage to establish contact,
humans can be looking at an extinction level
event.
At the same time, One of the crews of the
John Paul Jones who looks like Matt Damon's
doppelganger, discovers that the aliens' helmets
are purposely made to dampen the sunlight.
He tells Alex that the species are likely
to be similar to lizards in that they can't
see well in bright lights, but the captain
fails to see how this can help them win the
war.
The crew of the battleship tries to figure
out how they can eliminate the aliens with
their radars malfunctioning, essentially making
them blind unless they have direct visual
contact.
Captain Nagata suggest that they use the weather
buoys around the ocean as detectors, by measuring
abnormally high water displacements that signifies
the alien ship's location.
Alex is impressed by the captain's methods,
and tells the man to take command of the ship
as he clearly knows exactly what he's doing.
Meanwhile, the scientist explains to the group
that the aliens are waiting for the satellite
to align with the island in order to send
a signal back to their planet.
Samantha suggest that they contact her fiancé,
as he can use the battleship to destroy the
entire facility.
The scientist Believes that this is possible
despite the signal jam, as he has a device
at the observatory that can briefly by pass
the EMP.
The man sneaks inside of his laboratory and
manages to grab the communications device,
but is found out by one of the aliens who
looks at him in curiosity.
Surprisingly, the creature does not attack
the man, and instead allows him to leave.
The scientist runs back to Samantha and they
manage to establish a signal to the John Paul
Jones.
Samantha tells Alex that they have to destroy
the observatory before the aliens can send
back a signal, and they only have 4 hours
before the satellite aligns with the island.
Alex tells his fiancé to escape the facility
immediately, but their signals are cut before
he can finish the sentence.
the crew begins seeing abnormal water displacements
on the buoys, and Alex tells Cora to get on
the weapons immediately.
They predict the pattern of the alien's movement
and launches two missiles at the enemy, but
their attacks miss the target and reveals
their location at the same time.
The alien quickly begins heading towards the
battleship, and they fire the missiles again,
only to miss the target once more.
Suddenly, another enemy appears close by and
begins charging at the crew as well.
The two fires numerous grenades at the humans,
and the people barely escape the attacks,
as the bombs explode on top of their ship.
The aliens continue to maneuver closer, as
captain Nagata locks onto both of them and
fires.
This time the missiles are close enough where
it strikes the enemies at the same time, causing
huge explosions that knocks both of them into
the waters.
However, their celebrations are short lived
as a third enemy appears on the map, but this
time the alien moves erratically, making it
impossible to hit them with the missiles.
Alex comes up with a daring plan and brings
the battleship towards the islands, but also
putting everyone in danger as the rocks threaten
to sink their ship.
Nagata and Alex sets up their sniper rifles
as they wait for the enemy to appear in front
of the rising run.
The giant spaceship arrives facing the John
Paul Jones, and begins preparing to fire their
weapons.
the two of them shoots at the opponent's windshield
and breaks the glass, allowing sunlight to
enter and blinding the aliens.
The battleship fires everything they have
at the enemy, causing a giant explosion that
destroys the ship completely as it sinks into
the water.
The crew celebrates in their victory, but
Alex soon realizes something approaching as
he sees the giant shredders heading their
way.
He tells the people to run, but it's too late
as the machines completely destroy the battleship,
sending most of the crews into the water.
Alex runs with Nagata as the battleship sinks
into the ocean.
They jump off the platform in the last second
before the ship is completely decimated.
Most of the crew survived the attack, but
they feel helpless as they have no other ways
to stop their enemies from sending the signal.
Alex disagrees, and believes that they still
have a chance as they can use the Decommissioned
battleship USS Missouri that's being used
as a museum.
They arrive at the giant ship, but Walter
wonders how they'll have enough people to
operate the machines, not to mention that
everything inside is analog, and they have
no experience using it.
However, they see the retired Navy veterans
walking towards them, and is more than happy
to offer their assistance in saving humanity
from complete destruction.
They make a few adjustments and are quickly
able to sail the battleship into the ocean,
towards the center of the force field, planning
to destroy it once and for all.
They arrive at the giant machine, but is surprised
to see that it's capable of moving.
The Object transforms into another spaceship
with numerous weapons and missile launchers,
preparing to attack at any moment.
Alex tells Cora to point the guns towards
the side of the ship as they charge closer
towards the aliens.
He then commands the Missouri to turn quickly
to the side as the enemy prepares to fire.
The Aliens aim at the crew and targets their
location, shooting a barrage of grenades.
Suddenly, Alex yells to throw the anchors,
and the massive weight lands into the ocean,
stopping the ship and drifting it's body towards
the aliens and dodging the grenades that were
fired towards them.
The battleship points towards the enemies
and begins firing everything they have, landing
numerous hits on the aliens as they destroy
the giant machines creating the lasers.
The entire shield collapses around the area,
and the admiral commands the fighter jets
to attack the aliens right away.
At the same time, the enemy begins firing
up the signals in the observatory as the satellite
moves closer towards aligning with the island.
The battleship fires their final round at
the communications facility, as the aliens
on the ocean tries to stops the humans by
sending the shredders towards them.
The attack manages to hit and destroys the
entire place before the satellite can be aligned,
and kills all the aliens in the explosions.
Before the shredders can make contact with
the Missouri, they are destroyed quickly by
the fighter jets from the Navy, which saves
everyone from being killed.
The people cheer as they realize that humanity
has finally won against the invaders.
After the event, a ceremony is held to honor
all those who died, including Stone, the brother
of Alex Hopper.
They also celebrate the brave soldiers who
fought against the invading forces, including
Mick, who supported the Navy by providing
vital intel.
Most importantly, Alex receives the recognition
from the Admiral, who promotes him into commanding
his own ship in the future.
The main character celebrates with Samantha
as they share a long deserved kiss, but she
reminds him about the talk with her father.
Alex walks towards the man nervously and asks
permission to date his daughter, but the Admiral
welcomes him warmly and tells him that he
knew about this a long time ago.
He looks back at Samantha in happiness as
the girl give him a thumbs up, congratulating
their success.
However, somewhere far away from the military
base, a family discovers a strange alien object
in their farm.
They are shocked to discover and alien inside,
indicating that the invasion is not over.
So what do you guys think about this move?
Let me know in the comments below! and if
you like my video, please press like and subscribe
for more!
I'll see you guys next time!